1. We have deployed Ingress Controller, resources and applications. Explore the setup.<br>
Note: They are in different namespaces.
    - 


2. Which namespace is the Ingress Controller deployed in?
    - k get deploy -A 로 확인


3. What is the name of the Ingress Controller Deployment?
    - k get deploy -A 로 확인


4. Which namespace are the applications deployed in?
    - k get deploy -A 로 확인


5. How many applications are deployed in the app-space namespace?<br>
Count the number of deployments in this namespace.
    - k get deploy -A 로 확인
    

6. Which namespace is the Ingress Resource deployed in?
    - 


7. What is the name of the Ingress Resource?
    - k get ing -A -o wide


8. What is the Host configured on the Ingress Resource?<br>
The host entry defines the domain name that users use to reach the application like www.google.com
    - k describe ing ingress-wear-watch -n app-space 입력 후 확인



9. What backend is the /wear path on the Ingress configured with?
    - k describe ing ingress-wear-watch -n app-space 입력 후 확인

    
    
10. At what path is the video streaming application made available on the Ingress?
    - k describe ing ingress-wear-watch -n app-space 입력 후 확인


11. If the requirement does not match any of the configured paths in the Ingress, to which service are the requests forwarded?
    - kubectl describe ingress --namespace app-space 
    - kubectl get deploy ingress-nginx-controller -n ingress-nginx -o yaml 의 --default-backend-service 항목 확인


12. Now view the Ingress Service using the tab at the top of the terminal. Which page do you see?<br>
Click on the tab named Ingress.
    - 


13. View the applications by appending /wear and /watch to the URL you opened in the previous step.
    - 


14. You are requested to change the URLs at which the applications are made available.<br>
Make the video application available at /stream.
    - k edit ing ingress-wear-watch -n app-space  로 필요사항 수정


15. View the Video application using the /stream URL in your browser.<br>
Click on the Ingress tab above your terminal, if its not open already, and append /stream to the URL in the browser.