1. Create a new service account with the name pvviewer. Grant this Service account access to list all PersistentVolumes in the cluster by creating an appropriate cluster role called pvviewer-role and ClusterRoleBinding called pvviewer-role-binding.
Next, create a pod called pvviewer with the image: redis and serviceAccount: pvviewer in the default namespace.




2. List the InternalIP of all nodes of the cluster. Save the result to a file /root/CKA/node_ips.


Answer should be in the format: InternalIP of controlplane<space>InternalIP of node01 (in a single line)




3. Create a pod called multi-pod with two containers.
Container 1: name: alpha, image: nginx
Container 2: name: beta, image: busybox, command: sleep 4800

Environment Variables:
container 1:
name: alpha

Container 2:
name: beta



4. Create a Pod called non-root-pod , image: redis:alpine

runAsUser: 1000

fsGroup: 2000


5. and a service called np-test-service. Incoming connections to this service are not working. Troubleshoot and fix it.
Create NetworkPolicy, by the name ingress-to-nptest that allows incoming connections to the service over port 80.


Important: Don't delete any current objects deployed.




6. Taint the worker node node01 to be Unschedulable. Once done, create a pod called dev-redis, image redis:alpine, to ensure workloads are not scheduled to this worker node. Finally, create a new pod called prod-redis and image: redis:alpine with toleration to be scheduled on node01.


key: env_type, value: production, operator: Equal and effect: NoSchedule




7. Create a pod called hr-pod in hr namespace belonging to the production environment and frontend tier .
image: redis:alpine


Use appropriate labels and create all the required objects if it does not exist in the system already.



8. A kubeconfig file called super.kubeconfig has been created under /root/CKA. There is something wrong with the configuration. Troubleshoot and fix it.



9. We have created a new deployment called nginx-deploy. scale the deployment to 3 replicas. Has the replica's increased? Troubleshoot the issue and fix it.

