> chap1. pods



> chap2. replicaasets
16. Now scale the ReplicaSet down to 2 PODs.
    Use the kubectl scale command or edit the replicaset using kubectl edit replicaset.
    ```
    kubectl edit rs new-replica-set
    ```
    ```
    kubectl scale rs new-replica-set --replicas=2
    ```


> chap3. deployments

> chap4. namespaces
6. What DNS name should the Blue application use to access the database 
    db-service in its own namespace - marketing?
    You can try it in the web application UI. Use port 6379.

7. What DNS name should the Blue application use to access the database
    db-service in the dev namespace?
    You can try it in the web application UI. Use port 6379.

> chap5. services

> chap6. Imperative Commands
3. Deploy a redis pod using the redis:alpine image with the labels set to tier=db.
    Either use imperative commands to create the pod with the labels. Or else use imperative commands to generate the pod definition file, then add the labels before creating the pod using the file.
    ```
    kubectl run redis --image=redis:alpine -l tier=db
    ```
4. Create a service redis-service to expose the redis application within the 
    cluster on port 6379.
    Use imperative commands.
    ```
    kubectl expose pod redis --port=6379 --name redis-service
    ```
6. Create a new pod called custom-nginx using the nginx image and run it on container port 8080.
    ```
    kubectl run custom-nginx --image=nginx --port=8080
    ```
9. Create a pod called httpd using the image httpd:alpine in the default namespace. Next, 
    create a service of type ClusterIP by the same name (httpd). The target port for the service 
    should be 80.
    Try to do this with as few steps as possible.
    ```
    kubectl run httpd --image=httpd:alpine --port=80 --expose
    ```


> chap7. ManualScheduling
4. Manually schedule the pod on node01.
    Delete and recreate the POD if necessary.
    ```
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: Pod
    metadata:
        name: nginx
    spec:
        nodeName: node01
        containers:
        -  image: nginx
            name: nginx
    ```

> chap8. Labels and selectors

> chap9. Taints dnt tolerations

> chap10. node affinity

> chap11. Resource Limits
5. The elephant pod runs a process that consumes 15Mi of memory. Increase the limit of the elephant pod to 20Mi.
    Delete and recreate the pod if required. Do not modify anything other than the required fields.
    ```
    kubectl get po elephant -o yaml > elephant.yaml
    ```

> chap12. daemonsets
3. Which of the below is a DaemonSet?
    ```
    kube-flannel-ds
    ```
4. Deploy a DaemonSet for FluentD Logging.
    Use the given specifications.
    ```
    kubectl create deploy elasticsearch --image=registry.k8s.io/fluentd-elasticsearch:1.20 -n kube-system --dry-run=client -o yaml > fluentd.yaml
    ```

> chap13. static pods
5. What is the path of the directory holding the static pod definition files?
    ```
    ps -ef | grep kubelet
    vim /var/lib/kubelet/config.yaml
    ```

8. Create a static pod named static-busybox that uses the busybox image and the command sleep 1000
    ```
    kubectl run --restart=Never --image=busybox static-busybox --dry-run=client -o yaml --command -- sleep 1000 > /etc/kubernetes/manifests/static-busybox.yaml
    ```
9.  Edit the image on the static pod to use busybox:1.28.4
    ```
    kubectl run --restart=Never --image=busybox:1.28.4 static-busybox --dry-run=client -o yaml --command -- sleep 1000 > /etc/kubernetes/manifests/static-busybox.yaml
    ```


10. We just created a new static pod named static-greenbox. Find it and delete it.
    This question is a bit tricky. But if you use the knowledge you gained in the previous questions in this lab, you should be able to find the answer to it.
    ```
    ssh node01
    ps -ef | grep kubelet
    ```


> chapter14. Multiple Schedulers
6. A POD definition file is given. Use it to create a POD with the new custom scheduler.


File is located at /root/nginx-pod.yaml
    ```
    apiVersion: v1 
    kind: Pod 
    metadata:
    name: nginx 
    spec:
        schedulerName: my-scheduler
        containers:
        - image: nginx
           name: nginx
    ```